1. What should we do if we don’t receive the 
corresponding ack information after sending the message?

In this case, we should continue trying to send the 
same message until a ack confirmation is received. 
I used a Java timer and set it to send the same 
message every 5 seconds. The timer was not canceled 
until an ack was received.

2. After sending a message, what should we do if we try 
to receive an ack but still cannot receive it? How do we 
avoid it blocking the program?

We should separate the process for sending messages and 
receiving acks. We should not try to receive acks immediately 
after sending the message, but continue to receive possible 
messages in another thread. If it is acks, cancel the timer 
mentioned in 1 accordingly.

3. How can we avoid multiple executions if a message containing 
the same seqnum is received from the same client (e.g. UPS)?

We should use two global variables (one for UPS and one for World) to store the received seqnum, 
and when processing the message, check whether this variable 
contains the seqnum of the message. If so, the message processing 
step will not be executed, and acks will simply be sent back. 
If not, perform the message processing steps and send back acks.

4. There will always be a situation where a certain socket tries 
to receive a message but never receives it. How to avoid this 
situation from executing other statements in the program? 
(For example, no message from the front end has been received, 
but the interaction with the world needs to be processed)

For the processes trying to receive messages from the frontend, 
world and UPS, we should separate them into different threads 
so that they don't block each other. I used three daemon threads 
to handle the message reception of the front end, world and UPS respectively, 
and when a new message is received, I create a new thread to process 
the message so that we can immediately enter the next message reception process.

5. For users without accounts, they should not be allowed to 
place orders, otherwise it will cause excessive load on the server.

We have added a user identity authentication mechanism. Users 
must first register and then enter their username and password 
to log in before they can make purchases.

6. In a multi-threaded situation, multiple threads may try to 
modify the same global variable. How to avoid conflicts?

I used Java's synchronized to coordinate the access and modification 
of the same variable by multiple threads.

7. When a user orders the same product for the second time, 
if we try to send a toPack request to the world again, 
the world will return an error: This ID has already been created?

This problem arises because the purchaseMoreArrived information replied 
by the world contains the warehouse ID and purchased items. Based on this 
information, it is impossible to accurately locate which package needs to 
be packaged, so additional judgment needs to be made based on the package status.
If we accidentally locate the same package and send two toPacks to the world 
(containing the same packageid) in succession, the world will return an error message.

8. After receiving the message that the truck has arrived, we use the 
trackingid to match which package should be loaded. However, we found that 
no package was ever matched, even though the print result actually showed 
that there was a package with the same tracking id as the received message.

The trackingid is a String. When comparing two Strings, we should not use ==,
but should use .equals().

9. How come error messages are all displayed in login page?
Some html dosn't have the error message display part. The error messages will be stored in the session and displayed in the login page.
Solution: Add the error message display part in every html page that may have error messages.

10. How to check the data filled in the checkout page of the front end?
Create a new OrderForm object and use the validate() method to check the data.
Error messages will be displayed below the corresponding input box.
Also, we need to rerender the checkout page with the part of data filled in correctly by the user.

